Hi everyone. Today's Wednesday, May the
13th. My name is Emery band and this is
the money ball morning report. Charts by
TrendSpider, gamma flows by Mentor Q and
news by Benzinga Pro.
Option and excuse me, data analytics by
Trade Wave. So, what do we have?
We have a potential double top. This is
the call wall from yesterday, 7450.
It's in the same place.
So, if they break out of here,
it'll be another seek and destroy trade
and that ought to send it up into 7500.
As it sits right now,
sitting into Wednesday, you know, my
thought is that a lot of these traders
are going to try and unwind their
monthly expirations, which will give the
dealer flow some opportunity to fade.
Now, I don't know if that's the case.
Yesterday, I had a great trade in the
early morning because I saw the mean
reversion, saw the momentum drift, saw
it lose the moving average, saw it lose
the VWAP. So, it was a beautiful trade
and then I gave almost all of it back
um trying to short at the top of the
range. So,
did my did my system actually tell me to
do that? The answer is no because the
200 simple moving average, the slope of
that tells me there is going to be a
rebound. So, anticipate the rebound,
trade the rebound until it breaks and
that's what I did not do yesterday.
Super disappointed in myself, just not
focused, truly and thinking I knew
the market better than my signals tell
me and that's,
you know, very disappointed. But, want
to be transparent about that. Okay.
So, what are we staring down? Potential
double top 7450. That would have made a
really nice opening trade short. Let's
take a look at how the charts are
forming. Here is our 9:30. So, we have a
9:30 candlestick
that represents the lowest candlestick
of this entire formation. So, here's the
9:30. The 3:30 candlestick, all Eastern
time, showing the lift into
a higher level.
The Globex candlestick gives us the one
overlap
sitting inside of this area. And our
volume candlestick is all the way to the
top. Clearly dips are buys. And it could
be that it's a shallow dip that's going
to give us the buy. And what might that
be? It could be the close of the 3:30
candle, which is also the high of the
Globex candle, 7428.
Or it could be 7430.
Or
it could give us another bottom like
this.
And go all the way from to the top, all
the way to the bottom.
Very hard to say at this juncture, but
if you're already short from up here,
it's a good area just to walk it down.
Here are the trouble spots it's going to
have. It's going to have trouble at the
VWAP. That's about 7435.
Then it's going to have trouble inside
of this 30-minute formation.
And that could be anywhere from this
area all the way down to
7415.
So, the dips are the buys, but you can
also trade that if you went to a
5-minute and said, "All right, I'm going
to trade that break." You can get under
that 50, but notice, see how they're
buying it and buying it and buying it.
This break here will tell you
whether it's going to move right back
up.
You could take it, but it would
you know, I would say a
a C trade instead of an A trade.
All right. Let's go to the NQ.
Very big 9:30 candle. You know what I'm
going to do?
These guys
um
it's very congested in here.
I'm going to remove all the annotations.
And let's take a
quick peek, right? Here is our 9:30
candle. NQ behaved very very much the
same way, right? The dip down
and
then there the 3:30 candlestick is an
overlap event. So, it's got some
negative range on it
underneath and then the Globex is also
an overlap event and then
here is our candlestick with the double
top.
So, if we have a double top formation,
whoopsie.
We have a double top formation, the
range break is 29,500.
Here's the call wall.
Right? That's the zero DT call wall and
it looks like the big call wall is
sitting underneath there.
No way.
The call wall is sitting down here at
29,000.
The put wall is sitting
even further to the south at 28,850.
Wow. So, look at the reflexive buying
that
the chart gave us
at the breach of this call wall. This is
what dealer flow does when a call wall
gets broken.
They have to buy
so that they aren't losing money.
Because for the people that went out and
bought these calls, the dealers had to
sell them to them. And so now they have
sold all these things that give them
negative delta and so they have to buy
it to have that positive delta. So, this
feels like it's going to be a rotation
to the south.
Short action
um right here in my mind, the the short
action is sitting right here on the
bounce. So, if you get a bounce up into
29,400,
29,420,
and it does not hold, it looks a little
bit like this. Gives you a higher low.
That's going to be a great short
as the dealers unwind, because this wall
is very likely to shift
unless something big is
happening. And again, dips are buys.
Look at the slope of this 200, and it is
still solid. So, even if it breaks, you
can trade the short, but prepare for
reflexive buying to show up in this
formation. Very fascinating. Okay,
where's the first area they're going to
try and keep price action up? That's
29,200.
That's my thought there. And then we've
got the pivot at 29,111.
And the anchored VWAP from yesterday at
29,045.
The gamma line is right on top of the
call wall. That's bizarre.
Crazy. And the entire day yesterday was
outsized movement. The entire day.
That is fascinating. Typical volume by
time of day. Very big flows
across the board for the NQ. Let's take
a look at the YM.
Okay, so is the YM leading? Well,
here's what we saw.
We saw the YM fade
before we started rotating over, but it
really went in sequence here. Look at
the length of this candlestick. Holy
smokes.
That is one of
That thing is huge.
That's 400
That's 400 points deep.
That's incredible.
Okay, so let's draw Fibonacci.
Is that right? Do I have Fibonacci right
there?
No.
That's an extension. My goodness sake,
what is going on?
I'm going to leave that alone.
Here's my fib.
Right? And
it's missed it by a little bit, but not
not by much. Not not not by much. Let's
make this blue just a little bit
brighter so we can see it.
Okay.
It held the 1.25
expansion right here.
And now it's coming back into the box.
And where's the 50% range? That is
really right here at the 49,560
area.
That's probably a good support zone, but
what a what a fate. That's a fantastic
fate, 49,900.
Let's see if it gives this back. This is
a very big candlestick. Very very big
candlestick, so
we'll be watching that. The
the traders seem to want to defend
49,500.
That of course is a big fat round
number, so that is going to matter.
Very interesting. Look at the sideways
pressure event. Again, tremendous amount
of outsized volume here.
A lot of volume. Look, 1 2 3 4 5 6 days
sitting in this box, so we could very
easily come right back down. This is
very interesting. No breakaway formation
showing until
the movement back above 49,877.
Bitcoin.
Uh, nope. That's not Bitcoin.
Okay.
We see Bitcoin
in a pretty nice fade, to be honest.
Here is
Let's use this.
Right? So, this is our trend line event.
And we are under the pivot negative,
under the 50 negative, under the 200
negative. And so, it's losing all of
this pressure. You know what I say about
Bitcoin, it's a liquidity measure. The
question is, is it just caught in a box?
The answer might be yes. So, what do you
want to do? Do you want to trade it down
into 80,000? Or
do you want to try and buy it at the
support zone? Now, yesterday, they did
not have the volume events that
we did
in the regular
indices. We had Where's my box?
We had
the movement out sized at 9:30. Well,
that's Asia.
And look where we are here. We're
breaking down from that space. Let's see
if it was a measured move down here.
Yep, came right into the put wall. So,
maybe we'll have the same thing. This
looks like a potential short.
It's falling pretty rapidly, so I would
wait for a bounce.
Unless you chased it with very small
size, okay? And you can do that. 8,800
would be one of the spots you could
trade, and then maybe 81,000 if you had
it. But, that easily looks like a dip
that can move to the south. This big
candlestick is in charge. You can really
see it right here. So, let's just leave
that one alone and watch it fade or wait
for the bounce and then take the short.
We should see buyers at the 80,000. If
we don't,
we're going to anchor down again.
And the next measured move would be at
79,400.
Let's go to oil.
My brain.
Okay, oil is holding at 102.
Trend up.
Uh momentum still positive. Let's take a
peek.
And see what we've got. All right. So,
we held this edge. It's moving to the
upside.
Huge volume on the closing candlestick
formation.
Today we've got the EIA report.
You know, who knows what that's going to
look like. Um
but
chances are any sort of pullback is
going to give us a buy signal. The
question is, how deep is the pullback?
And here is the 200, very far away.
And here's the 50. So, the 50's holding
pretty nicely.
Um
could it be
a trend line event that we could watch?
Right, if it holds the trend line.
The trend break is going to be the loss
of the pivot at $100.90.
And then a bounce that cannot get up
over the put wall. So, notice this is
the put wall. They've moved it all the
way up to $101.50.
Insane. The call wall is now 105. This
is very aggressive positioning, folks.
Really aggressive. So, if we lose that
edge, it's going to force dealers into
the market and it will move down, but as
it sits right now, wow, the call wall's
below it at 100, the put wall is above
it at 10150.
Bizarre. And the zero DTE
for the call wall is
up here at 105 with all the That's wow,
you want to talk some aggressive
positioning.
Very aggressive, folks. I would be very
careful. Right? You could short the top,
very tight stop. You can buy the bottom,
very tight stop. But if it breaks either
of these,
um
we could see things move fairly
dramatically
in that direction. Let's take a look at
gold.
Gold is caught sideways.
Gold is not a good trading vehicle right
now, unless you're at the edges.
Unless you're at the edges, I don't
think this makes a good trading vehicle
at all. So, what are we staring down? A
200 that is flat, giving us sideways
positioning. A 50 that is flat to down,
also sideways positioning. A VWAP that
is sideways.
The zero DTE put wall, we're we're below
it, which could lead to aggressive
selling.
But we have the gamma wall that could be
protecting us and we've been sitting in
the same range for 1
2 3 4. This is our fifth day, right? Um
Do you remember This is our sixth day. 1
2 3 4 5 6 days in this space. Where is
the volume candle that is potentially
master and commander?
It's this big one right here.
And where are we now?
We're trying to get back above it.
That's 4707.
If we get above there, then we have the
challenge of getting above 4717.
If we do that, we're off to the races.
4740, 4760. If we cannot do that, then
the floor of our formation is 4690.
And then, you know,
we're back down.
Heading lower.
And so, let me do uh one of my
Fibonacci's right here.
Let's go downward.
And that gives us 4688.
and then 4650.
Right? And it it will keep us sideways,
but this is a horrible-looking chart.
Let's take a look at spy.
Okay, double topping formation. Same
sort of thing we saw on the ES. Sideways
740.
Um
is this a short up here at the 740 is,
you know,
good.
Where are they headed to? Mm.
My thought
is that this candlestick right here, our
MOC candle,
is going to
hold where we are. And that low is 736.
What is the trend? Very bullish. Dips
going to be buys. Could we come down
into
733?
Yes, we absolutely could.
Um
could we sit around here and chop? Yes.
This This movement here, this V movement
or U movement, could have people on the
back foot. Or they could be ready to
press in the volatility. My thought is,
in a space like this, you wait on the
edges. You wait for the fade,
or you wait for the failed topping and
try the short, or you wait for the
breakout.
The retests, right? You want to look
above and go, or you want to look below
and fail for positive motion, or you
want to look below and go.
And that's where you get your negative
pressure event, right? Or your look
above and fail.
That's where you're going to get your
negative pressure. So, that being said,
that's the candle to watch.
All of these price actions look pretty
similar.
The next biggest candlestick in the fray
would be down here at
7 732, and wouldn't you know it,
that's not it. This is it. Look at where
we stopped.
High volume candle, right there.
Boom.
Right? Great. Absolutely great. All
right.
Hey, that's it for me.
Stay frosty, folks.
Going to be a very interesting day
ahead.
Um,
either way,
don't be afraid. Take the trade, assess
your risk, and move forward. Okay?
That's just the way to do it.
All right. Take care, everybody.
See you on the streams.